501 is completely silent, as they listen for the next call
And here wue go. Hydrogen burnoff ingiters initiate
Seven, six, five, four stage engine start, three, two, one, booster's indignation
and liftoff of Artemis one. We rise together back to the moon and beyond
All four rs25 engines on the core stage and two solid rocket boosters now
propelling the vehicle at 128 miles per hour
Good control on the role from teams in Mission Control Houston all good
calls so far now 30 seconds into the flight Harvest one
SLS now traveling 607 miles per hour
Your're looking at 8.8 million pounds of maximum thrust quit here
Now one minute 21 seconds into the flight traveling at 1 420 miles per hour
The four core stage engines are back at maximun thrust
The next major milestone will be for the solid rocket boosters to cut off and
jettison in about 2 minutes and 11 seconds into the flight so about 30 seconds
from now
Again quiet here in Mission Control Houston as teams continue monitoring the flight of
Artemis 1
We're now 16 miles downrange from the launch pad at Keneddy Space Centere traveling over
2 800 miles per hour
Confirmation that the solid rocket boosters have separated these 177 foot boosters.
Now the core stage continues to power the flight of Orion all Force rs-25 engines firing
travelling over 3 400 miles per hour 46 miles downrange